#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.17.0
    # via optuna
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.4.0
    # via aiohttp
av==16.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faster-whisper
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
ctranslate2==4.6.0
    # via faster-whisper
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via ipython
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
faster-whisper==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
flatbuffers==25.9.23
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.5.5
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-metrics
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   ctranslate2
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyannote-audio
onnxruntime==1.23.1
    # via faster-whisper
optuna==4.5.0
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==12.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via jupyter-core
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via ipython
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==7.1.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyannote-audio==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.5
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.9.0
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ctranslate2
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
requests==2.32.5
    # via huggingface-hub
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.14
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.1
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via pyannote-audio
speechbrain==1.0.3
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via faster-whisper
tomli==2.3.0
    # via alembic
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.8.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
